update READMEs (#91)
massalabs/massa-sc-toolkit: packages/sc-project-initializer/commands/init/README.md

You now have your own AssemblyScript project setup, with Massa's sdk installed.

> To use libraries as `@massalabs/massa-as-sdk` and `@massalabs/as` you need to import the required function, for instance :

Reviewer: To use libraries, like `@massalabs/massa-as-sdk` and `@massalabs/as`, you need to import the required function, for instance :

Reviewer: Just a comment: isn't it possible to import all functions at once, not one by one? If yes and if it's not trivial to devs to know this, maybe we should mention it?

Author: For some reason, it has been splitted in two separate repos `@massalabs/massa-as-sdk`  `@massalabs/as`. thats mean you need to import both separately. a solution to make it simple would be to reexport stuffs from "as" in "as-sdk", thus only importing the sdk would work

These keys will be the ones used by the deployer script to interact with the blockchain.

The following command will build your contract and create the deployer associated. Then it will be deployed. 
It assumes your contract entrypoint is `assembly/main.ts`

```shell
npm run deploy
```

This command will deploy your smart contract on Massa's network corresponding to the given node.

> When the deployment transaction is executed onchain, the `constructor` function of your deployer SC `assembly/main.ts` will be called.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
When the deployment transaction is executed onchain, the `constructor` function of your smaprt contract `assembly/main.ts` will be called.
```

> When the deployment transaction is executed onchain, the `constructor` function of your smart contract `assembly/main.ts` will be called.

Reviewer: When the deployment operation is executed on-chain, the `constructor` function of your smart contract `assembly/main.ts` will be called.

The `constructor` function can be modified for specific needs, and its call arguments edited in the deployment script `src/deploy.ts`.

## Unit tests

A test sample is provided as example here:  `./assembly/__test__/massa-example.spec.ts`

> Test framework documentation is available here: [as-pect docs](https://as-pect.gitbook.io/as-pect)

Reviewer: The test framework documentation is available here: [as-pect docs](https://as-pect.gitbook.io/as-pect)
